docs: update documentation around version warning banner (#10877)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/versions.rst

Version warning
---------------

A banner can be automatically displayed to notify viewers that there may be
a more stable version of the documentation available. Specifically:

> - When the ``latest`` version is being shown, and there's also a ``stable`` version available,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When the ``latest`` version is being shown, and there's also a ``stable`` version active and not hidden,
```

  then the banner will remind the viewer that some of the documented features may not yet be
  available, and suggest that the viewer switch to the ``stable`` version.
- When a version is being shown that is not the ``stable`` version, and there's a ``stable``
  version available, then the banner will suggest that the viewer switch to the ``stable`` version
  to see the newest documentation.

> 

Reviewer: It would be good to add a small image showing the banners in action on each case to easily visualize the feature.

Author: Thanks for the review. I ended up using my own custom template for the version banners on my doc project (unrelated reasons), so I don't have a project available to take the screenshots. It may take me some time to prepare a new project with the versioning setup for taking these screenshots.

Reviewer: Ok. Don't worry. I can add these screenshot later in another PR. Let's try to finish this one for now. Thanks!

> This feature is disabled by default on new projects,
> you can enable it in the admin section of your docs (:guilabel:`Admin` > :guilabel:`Advanced Settings`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is enabled by default on projects using the new beta addons.
The beta addons can be enabled by using ``build.commands`` config key or via the new beta dashboard (https://beta.readthedocs.org) going to the admin section of your docs (:guilabel:`Admin` > :guilabel:`Advanced Settings`)
```

.. note::

   An older version of this feature is currently only available to projects that have already enabled it.
   When the updated feature development is finished the toggle setting will be enabled for all projects.

.. note::

>    The banner will be injected in an HTML element with the ``main`` role or in the ``main`` tag.

Reviewer: I think this note should be removed completely since it's how the old version of this feature worked and it not right anymore.

Author: It's been removed.
